# CS 52, Lab 4: Redux Platform Frontend
## Samiha Datta, May 2020

## Description
I think that was the most confused I've been this far in the class! Redux and routing hit different, but now, I think I understand both! I started by just implementing functionality, which I actually think went well; usually I try to style and make it function simultaneously, which can feel a little stressful because nothing is done and I'm trying to do it all at the same time. I completed all functionality. Then, I mapped out what I wanted the base screens (posts/home, view post, creat post, edit post, and fallback) to look like before I implemented first grayscale then color versions of the style (and added an empty state view for the posts view). Having an idea of what I wanted it to look like felt really good, and I think this one feels more cohesive than other labs (especially the last one)! I think this approach worked really well. In terms of additional functionality (cover URL validating and redirecting/showing error messages for nonexistent post IDs), I tackled that after completing the base lab, which also went well. I couldn't have started sooner, but I wish I had. This time, the process worked; starting later didn't, but it's getting better. Little things that didn't work were favicons, making things arrange themselves properly with CSS (I don't know how this system defines center), and the error reducer, but I'm going to keep working on them. Overall, this was a really great experience!

## Extra Credit (laid out in an *extra easy to find* way)
I added error redirecting (for incorrect post IDs; I tried to break the API for several hours to no avail) and cover URL validation (the link has to end in an image extension). Content also supports markdown and there's an empty state for when posts don't exist yet, but I'm not sure if those counts.